fix/DR-2753-update-saml-doc (#854)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/authenticate/protocols/saml/saml-sso-integrations/sign-and-encrypt-saml-requests.mdx

    api.samlResponse.setEncryptionCert(encryptionCert);
    api.samlResponse.setEncryptionPublicKey(encryptionPublicKey);
    api.samlResponse.setEncryptionAlgorithm("aes256-gcm");
  }
};
```

Auth0 supports the following algorithms for assertion encryption:

* [aes256-gcm](http://www.w3.org/2001/04/xmlenc#aes256-gcm) **(Recommended)** Authenticated encryption that provides both confidentiality and integrity. It is resistant to format validity oracle attacks.
* [aes256-cbc](http://www.w3.org/2001/04/xmlenc#aes256-cbc) Default. It does not provide integrity guarantees.
* [rsa-oaep](http://www.w3.org/2001/04/xmlenc#rsa-oaep-mgf1p) (including MGF1 and SHA1) used for key transport.

<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
When an Action does not use the object `api.samlResponse.setEncryptionAlgorithm` to set the encryption algorithm, Auth0 defaults to the `aes256-cbc` algorithm and logs a deprecation warning in your tenant logs.

> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`aes256-gcm`](http://www.w3.org/2001/04/xmlenc#aes256-gcm) **(recommended)**: Authenticated encryption that provides both confidentiality and integrity. It is resistant to format validity oracle attacks.
* [`aes256-cbc`](http://www.w3.org/2001/04/xmlenc#aes256-cbc) (default): It does not provide integrity guarantees. When an Action does not use the object `api.samlResponse.setEncryptionAlgorithm` to set the encryption algorithm, Auth0 defaults to the `aes256-cbc` algorithm and logs a deprecation warning in your tenant logs.
* [`rsa-oaep`](http://www.w3.org/2001/04/xmlenc#rsa-oaep-mgf1p), including MGF1 and SHA1 used for key transport.
```

i think we should use callouts/warnings sparingly, and the bulleted list already said `aes256-cbc` is the default, so it made sense to me to integrate that info there :)

<Warning>

> * Auth0 intends to change the default encryption algorithm to `aes256-gcm`. 

Reviewer: when? will users get notified?

Author: I'll follow up with PM, for what I understand it is still a work in progress.

* Update your Action code to set the encryption to `aes256-gcm` using the object `api.samlResponse.setEncryptionAlgorithm`. This supresses the deprecation warning and ensures that your integration behaves predictably when the default algorithm changes.

> * Before setting the algorithm to `aes256-gcm`, verify that your SAML service provider supports it. If it does not, contact your service provider vendor to request support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default encryption algorithm will change to `aes256-gcm` on <TODO: some date>. Actions currently issue a deprecation warning when using <TODO: other algorithms?>, and <TODO: what behavior happens if using another algorithm after the default changes>.

For consistent behavior after the default algorithm changes, we recommend switching to `aes256-gcm`:

1. Verify that your SAML service provider supports `aes256-gcm`, and contact them for support if they do not.
2. Set the encryption in your Action code with `api.samlResponse.setEncryptionAlgorithm("aes256-gcm");`.
```

i'm not sure this is a list of information. can we phrase it in normal sentences, maybe like this? (placeholders inline)

Author: Ok, I can edit it.
